If you're running MongoDB in production,
you need to upgrade right away. There is
a new vulnerability that was discovered
in MongoDB coined as bleed, which
can leak your password, secret, MongoDB
access logs, basically a lot of
sensitive material without even
authentication. This vulnerability
happens because of how strings in C work
on a null terminator and this
vulnerability has existed for more than
8 years in MongoDB reported just a few
days back. This is one of those
vulnerabilities that would have not
existed if Rust was being used. And I do
believe that Microsoft dude that was
trying to nuke C from the orbit and try
to replace everything with Rust.